Re-add Takipi Agent (#998)
cloudfoundry/java-buildpack: docs/framework-takipi_agent.md

| `node_name_prefix` | Node name prefix, will be concatenated with `-` and instance index
| `application_name` | Override the CloudFoundry default application name

### Remarks
In case **Java 9+** is being used, 2 JVM flags will be added to the execution:
| Name | Description
| ---- | -----------
| `-XX:-UseTypeSpeculation` | Disable type speculation optimization of the JVM which might not work properly in some situations where an agent is present.
| `-Xshare:off` | Disable class sharing as it might affect the agent's bytecode manipulation work.

These two flags are needs as otherwise the agent or the JVM might not work properly together.

## Logs

> Currently, you can get the Takipi agent logs using `cf files` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you can view the Takipi agent logs using the `cf ssh` command:
```

Reviewer: The `cf files` is no longer supported as of CF CLI v7+.

I can't suggest this line but could change the command example to something like:
```
cf ssh app_name 
cat ~/app/.java-buildpack/takipi_agent/log/agents/<log-file-name>
```
